Linger hurt a nerve
I'm afraid I'll never wake up in my life
There is no other cure
I'm going to the doctor
Everything is Linger. What's wrong?
The madman told Lao Tzu what happened to Ling'er
Otherwise, I won't tell you anything
Brother Gu
From the moment you kill the first person and do the first thing
You should know
The law goes back and doesn't forget
You still have it here called filial piety
Have you ever considered
If you die
Linger, who will save Gu?
Ah, who saved Linger?
Brother Feng, is something wrong with you?
Ah!
You don't have to explain
Wu Chenxiong
Those documents found in your safe
Enough for you to be shot immediately
You have no chance, what happened to your daughter?
You calm down
It's been hard work.
Go home and see mom
Sit down and eat
Son, you haven't been back these days.
Mom has been holding on to it
I'm afraid something will happen to you.
Where have you been?
Ah mom
Tibetan Feng has been on a business trip out of town for a while
Don't worry.
In the future, we will often go home from get off work to see you.
By the way, Xiaoyun
Our Tibetan style is also old and not small
Look at your marriage
Let me take this.
Lao Tzu is not good
What's going on?